**Naming Convention**
In the latest version of my soundscape project (February 4th, 2021), I have developed the baseline of my narrative. The first thing that I had to do was figure out a name for the project. Since the theme of my project is about the beach, I obviously wanted something that was along the lines of a vacation. Some trips we take to the beach can be quite spontaneous. I ultimately ended up at the name "Quintessential Getaway". This is one of those vacations where you just really needed to get away for a weekend or so.

**Sourcing sounds**
The audacity file seen in the "Quintessential_Getaway_Preview.JPG" file is what how I have organized my sounds thus far. I believe that all of these sounds used thus far were sourced from <a href="https://freesound.org/">freesound.org</a>. Obviously one of the first sounds that I needed to find was the waves crashing down on the shore. I was able to find a very consistent and delicate sound that aligned with the tranquility theme of my soundscape. The next sound I found was the sound of seagulls chirping about in a flock. To add some depth to my project I wanted to incorporate a group of people coming onto the beach. These people would be the louder group of people that are drinking and playing EDM on a large boombox. I did not want these people to sound like they were right next to where I was on the beach. The sound for the boombox I found was quite muffled and distorted. I also was able to find a sound for a group of people outside drinking and laughing (which was perfect).

**Future Additions**
Eventually I would like to add the sounds of unpacking my car and walking across the beach. When I find the right spot on the beach I will be unfolding my towel and applying sunscreen. Also, I really want a Tiki bar scene where I can go up and order a pina colada.
